here in my garage
welcome back my friends this is craig
and i am here doing an unboxing of my
christmas gift a little early literally
I screwed up but I've got a Samsung gear
s2 you know that has a zoom you know I
know but this is easier shut up I got
the samsung gear as too smart watch hi
Samsung gear s2 comes in this neat
little round box can hang it up your
christmas tree kind of awesome i'm
already got the top off so we're gonna
take a look at the inside see how it's
boxed up slide the top off there the
watchin all of its sexiness glory slow
pan take oh it's not even like I thought
it would have something in there and the
whole thing would come out there is the
entire watch the band which is that's
really tight well that's good those get
rich quick it's like a neoprene like a I
would say like a wet suit material um
not hinged surprisingly it is not hinged
hmm underside there you've got your
health monitor and I'm assuming that's
all that is fits nicely I got the angle
right let's eat salt is in d'box and
underneath oh that's nice hard plastic
alright we've got booklet don't care
about that and a little felt baggy here
we've got wall adapter
yeah a couple things here are charging
cradle USB and I'm assuming this is the
remainder of the charging cradle oh oh
yay unexpected surprise yes very
unexpected surprise actually with as um
flipped out as I went over the watch
band oh that I messed up very nice
hooray I can go to sleep tonight oh I'm
impressed I am very impressed Samson um
so let's see if this puppy fires up if
it comes with any sort of charge I get
the little shrinky dink off mmm here we
go must be smarter than the plastic all
right so there is the protective
covering got an iced active response on
the click wheel buttons are good and
tight mmm does appear to be dead so i
will let this charge up overnight and
well won't be overnight for you it'll be
like let's play second for you but i'm
going to charge this up get it all
connect it up and i'll do a quick review
on initial my initial thoughts on it and
maybe do another video after like a week
or so alright so there is my Samsung
gear s2 Christmas present smart wash
it's really white it's very light like
it yeah I haven't wore watching like 10
years it it feels really comfortable oh
good I like it well now like pull your
your arm sleeve down while you're
wearing it and pull it back up like you
do regularly oh yeah like it's not even
not even noticeable Wow very nice all
right
I'll be right back hit the Run button
didn't you yeah it has it has some
charge hmm yet to be known how much I
think it just welcomed the giver had to
put it on first it's not focusing there
we go I don't know what it's saying I
don't know what is a neither I can't
wait through this screen install samsung
gear app on phone from galaxy apps okay
so i got to install the apps and stuff
like that and then player out of it cool
okay so I've had a full 24 hours of use
time um so I've had my watch for all day
yesterday it's eleven o'clock in the
morning today so half the day to day and
then and then the other night when I
opened it and I have to say I'm very
pleased with with the watch it's very
it's very comfortable it's not
cumbersome in any way I don't notice it
getting hung up on my clothing or
anything like that um there is a little
bit of a comfort level when typing and
stuff but that's just the nature of
wearing a watch it has nothing to do
with a specific model functionality the
notifications and everything at first
the notification vibration that it does
like I almost I almost couldn't notice
it um it was very faint very um right
there i just i just got a facebook
notification and it's it's a lot more i
I've gotten used to to noticing it I
don't think it's anything with the
strength that would wake me up if I were
sleeping or anything like that so I
don't know one hundred percent of the
alarm functionality would be useful to
me but in everyday use like I'm I'm
noticing the notifications I don't
really get a lot of like phantom
vibrating like you would get on your
phone like you feel your phone vibrate
in your pocket I don't really see that
or get that as an issue it is a little
bit weird like you have to make sure
that the watch knows you want to look at
it to get the screen to turn on which is
a little strange if I'm sitting here
like this and i look at my wrist it
doesn't always turn on the video the
bezel that rotates is very very clean
it's very tactile like there's a
definitive click when you get to the
next screen and i'll do an up-close of
the actual interface the text messaging
and stuff like that work really well I
use the text to speak on my phone
anyways just because I hate typing and
on the watch it's actually very good it
it utilizes the same dictionary and
everything from my phone but the
microphone picks up very well ah i was
texting Kim and doing a voice to text
and the kids kept talking in the
background and it actually took all of
that and slammed it into one text so
there was like broken pieces of
conversation it was really weird it was
funny so I sent the music i bought this
with the intent of being able to change
my music on pandora without having to
take my phone out of my pocket because i
have a note for edge so it's really i'm
recording on it so I can't show you but
it's really big and it's very difficult
to get out of your pocket when you're
driving and I don't have a radio so I've
got that going through pandora all the
time and my hope was what I'm driving I
could just hit the next song and always
well but from what I can tell the music
app that's on here which is it's called
milk it's it's slacker radio but the
Samsung version of it I haven't found a
way to advance to the next song like
soap it's a song I don't like to skip it
I haven't found that functionality I can
change the channel and all of that but I
haven't found a song skip on there yet
the exercise tracker is very
it seems relatively accurate it tells me
if I've been sitting on my butt too long
that I need to get up and move I really
wish there was a way to program that to
say this is the time I'm working um so I
will be sitting on my butt eight to ten
hours without moving please don't remind
me every hour that I need to move
because I can't some of us have to sit
on our but for our job and have no other
choice um Dave isn't one of those people
he gets up and moves around all the time
of his job um everything else on here
it's got whether it's got it I see a lot
of reviews complaining that it doesn't
have google maps but it does have its
own mapping software I don't really see
myself using it but maybe um I mean I'm
not gonna sit here and all right while I
need to turn left in quarter mile while
I'm driving like I don't see that
happening um it measures heart rate
regularly like every couple hours it'll
measure my heart rate and push it
through to my phone automatically manou
all in all I'm really quite happy with
it I found it's really nice when I get a
notification like if I'm at the bus stop
or if I'm in a conversation or something
like that I can look and see is that
something I need to handle no okay I
haven't received a phone call yet to
know how the phone call notification
works on it um I don't get a lot of
phone calls but I get a lot of texts and
Twitter notifications and Facebook and
all of that on Twitter and Facebook
there is not an app that is compatible
with the gear s2 right now when you get
a notification you can look at it'll say
you get a synopsis of it it'll show you
what it says or says right now I've got
one one of my co-workers just commented
on one of my facebook posts I can't see
what she commented but I could see that
she did comment so I have the ability to
click on it and it would open on my
phone and I could read it on my phone
same with Twitter but with twitter I can
see what was
actually said on the tweet but I can't
like reply to it or anything like that
the App Store is pretty much useless at
this point there's not a lot of apps for
the watch yet one thing I was really
surprised about there's a there's an
ESPN watch face that you can I think
it's free and on the ESPN watch face
like you have the gigantic ESP an e on
there it's all red it's got the time and
then you can put your favorite team and
it'll show your favorite teams wide
scores while they're playing so once a
week every Sunday for 17 weeks I can get
you know the Lions score update on my
phone and then the rest of the six days
my son's behind the behind watching the
recording you know the other six days a
week and 40 weeks out of the year it's
useless to me because I'd have the Lions
selected as my favorite team and that's
it I wish it had a better ESPN app or
you know NFL com or NHL or or something
I could keep track of the red wings and
the Tigers and the Lions and Kim and the
kids are Packers fans I could keep track
of the Packers scores for my can track
whatever team and get notifications on
you know injuries in the NFL similar to
how the NFL app works there's there's no
sports app whatsoever really surprised
me that they didn't get on that
bandwagon um there's not a lot of
functionality in the app store I know
Samsung boasts a thousand apps in the as
advising vies oh whatever the you know
the the operating system for the watch
they boast over a thousand apps i would
say nine hundred and fifty of them are
watch faces and it actually comes with a
good selection of watch faces anyways i
don't feel the need to pay a dollar for
one new watch face if i had the ability
to
I the watch face for free to see how it
looked how I liked it play with the
functionality and then if I wanted to
keep it by it I I would try that out but
right now you can't you just have to
look through this bill of the watch face
you like yeah that looks good I'll buy
it metal upload your phone in your stuck
with every um hopefully that will be
better in the future hopefully they get
some more applications and stuff like
that because right now it is a little
bit weak on the application side um
other than that I mean it's I'm very
very happy with it what I needed to do
it exceeds my expectations in all
honesty um did two hundred and fifty
dollars for watch it seems like a lot of
money for a watch but if you're gonna
get a nice watch anyways you're looking
a hundred to 150 for a regular watch why
not you know spend a hundred dollar
upgrade to get one that is a little more
functional than telling time and
sometimes date like I can look and be
okay right now it is 25 degrees outside
and I have made 2,000 steps so you know
I've got my Fitbit I've got whether you
know all of that is included for an
additional hundred dollars over what I
would have paid for a regular
run-of-the-mill watch so I'm very very
pleased with it I'm very happy very
comfortable not intrusive you know I
couldn't be happier so let's do a quick
rundown of just the functionality of the
programs in the operating system and
we'll wrap up the review okay i'm going
to try the best I can on this I've got a
tripod handle literally right in my nose
and I can't see the screen on my phone
because of the holder for the phone but
we're going to try this out so on the
watch you guys are kind of like flip it
and it'll turn itself on and you have
the time all your notifications are
going to be to your left and HC as you
can see you can do the touch screen or
you can do the bezel please please stop
Hudson thank you
poke me it's cut it's got Kim selfie
stick so it's actually it's very
intuitive you can swipe like normal I've
got all this kind of like pre set up
there's the music app there's my steps
for the day so far my heart rate
actually increase my coffee intake I've
had three cups of coffee so far today
it's like 1130 in the morning so three
is fine so shut up so very very
intuitive whoops I didn't know okay I
don't know how much of that you got but
I accidentally opened up the milk music
player and it closed my video app on the
phone so rotate the bezel you have all
these different apps on here what is
this I don't know why it's doing this I
bump something so you can go scroll
through and this is what I've got set up
for my widgets currently you have all
your standard apps are in this apps
program and it's also very intuitive you
just scroll through and you could touch
each and one of each one of these
individually so I've got text messages
my music phone call I can actually make
a phone call and if I had a bluetooth
headset the phone the watch doesn't have
a speaker but it would come through my
headset or you know the speaker on the
phone health the individual settings and
each one of these you can change the
position where you want it in relation
to this menu as well you go the next
page he could have as many pages of
these as you want I believe there aren't
enough apps currently to expand it any
further comes with bloatware so it's got
CNN and Bloomberg and Nike on there and
stuff that I don't really care yeah a
selfie stick is super Boog so like I
said in the previous spot not a lot of
functionality in the program's you can
hit the back button it goes back to the
homepage I've got email on there but I
don't have the defo
alt Samsung email setup I have a gmail
app which I don't have any way of
getting on here text messaging so I've
got all my different text messages on
there from various people whether I have
here's the mapping software we won't go
into that you big come on thank you
otherwise it'll show my address and I
don't want my address out there but yeah
I mean it's very intuitive it's
everything on here the cool thing the
app that comes on your phone thank you I
don't know what I'm saying that it keeps
picking up on you can change all of this
stuff the the settings for the watch
face you could change you know all of
this stuff directly on your phone so you
don't even have to take your you know
you don't even have to look at your
watch you can change all on your phone
itself and it'll update on the watch
which is really cool so these are all
the different watch faces and each one
of these are adjustable as well so you
can change right now I've got the
battery and I've got the weather on
there and the calendar and they could
change that he could put on there your
steps if you want or you can put
notifications on there or what have you
but all of it is adjustable on your
phone you can change it all on your
phone which is awesome it's awesome you
don't have to fiddle through the
settings I'm on your watch and change
everything on this tiny little screen
you can use your earphone and do it a
little more comfortably or if you'd like
you can use your phone or you know use
your watch it's it's uh it works either
way so anyway this is going to wrap up
our review of the Samsung gear s2 smart
watch the classic not the classic the
regular sport edition I suppose if you
have any questions you know feel free to
leave them in the comments section down
below I'll be happy to answer them as
best I can like I said I just got it so
I'm still learning all the new gizmos
and gadgets and stuff and I know about a
month ago
they got a update in South Korea which
is where Samsung's based so hopefully
that comes to the US here soon and I can
get a little more functionality out of
it with a new update but yeah I will if
I get more information or if I get
something new that I feel needs to be
talked about I will do another video on
a quick update but for now this is craig
and this has been fun playing with my
new technology i'll see you guys next
time later transforming it how's that
selfie stick treating you good boop boop
no lightsaber oh you big